Docs: update readme text to clarify handoffs (#208)
openai/openai-agents-python: README.md

### Core concepts:

1. [**Agents**](https://openai.github.io/openai-agents-python/agents): LLMs configured with instructions, tools, guardrails, and handoffs

> 2. [**Handoffs**](https://openai.github.io/openai-agents-python/handoffs/): A specialized tool call used by the Agents SDK for transferring control between agents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [**Handoffs**](https://openai.github.io/openai-agents-python/handoffs/): Allow agents to transfer control to other agents for specific tasks, implemented via [function calling](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/function-calling)
```
